Docs: Changed Docs Overview (#1521)
medusajs/medusa: docs/content/homepage.md

- **Notification API** allows integrations with email providers, chatbots, Slack channels, etc.
- **Customer Login** gives customers a way of managing their data, viewing their orders, and saving payment details.
- **Shipping Options & Profiles** enable powerful rules for free shipping limits, multiple fulfillment methods, and more.
- **Medusa's Plugin Architecture** makes it intuitive and easy to manage your integrations, switch providers and grow with ease.
- **Customization** is supported for those special use cases that all the other e-commerce platforms can't accommodate.

## Where to Get Started

### The Medusa Server

The first step is to [set up your development environment](tutorial/set-up-your-development-environment) with the requirements necessary to run a Medusa server.

Then, you can follow our [quickstart guide](quickstart/quick-start.md) to install and run a Medusa server.

### The Medusa Admin

The Medusa Admin provides you with a lot of functionalities and configurations such as Product Management, Order Management, Discounts and Promotions, and more.

> You can install the Medusa admin in 2 steps by following our [Medusa Admin quickstart guide](admin/quickstart.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install the Medusa admin in two steps by following our [Medusa Admin quickstart guide](admin/quickstart.md).
```

### The Storefront

The final step is to set up a storefront to sell your products.

> Medusa provides 2 starter storefronts, one built with [Next.js](./starters/nextjs-medusa-starter.md) and one with [Gatsby](./starters/gatsby-medusa-starter.md), that you can use to quickly set up your store and start selling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can choose between two pre-built starter storefronts, one in [Next.js](./starters/nextjs-medusa-starter.md) and one in [Gatsby](./starters/gatsby-medusa-starter.md). They serve as a starting point for getting you set up quickly.
```
